The group arrives on Imboni, and starts looking for Zonta. The group finds someone matching his description. They head to the factory, where alec gets a job to clear floors while the rest of the group heads to the depressed factory where they help solve the bartenders problems. While Alec was finishing cleaning at the end of the day, Zonta reveals himself to Alec, he explains that hard drive affected his mind, and has made him do crazy things. Zonta runs and Alec give chase. Alec is left with a choice to either save Zonta or the hard drive. Alec chose the hard drive. As Alec was leaving the scene, the cops show up. Alec returns to the group and ushers them to leave, as he does so a news report shows that they are wanted for various crimes. They leave through the back door. The group reaches the end of the alleyway near the starport. They must decide what to do. Paige writes a letter which changes the public view of them. But Dane urges them to surrender. In the end the group surrenders to the police and taken back to Vir. The group is met with Dane who tells them that he can set them free, but only if they help him with a problem. After a very length discussion, they use a coin flip to decide what they should do. The go Danes house to get briefed.

Mission briefing: On the outskirts of belters space (asteroid mining), a black project (off the books research) a space station called Minerva’s Den has been hijacked by a mathematician named Baxter Williams. He has claimed to have solved the god equation, in which he can predict any outcome with 100% accuracy. He has 3 hostages, Dr. Klein, Dr. Uushtanverg, and Dr Kay. The space station is protected by three shield generators on neighboring asteroids. The docking bay is protected by a heavy turret, but the group will have an emp shell to disable it. He also has several wall, floor,and ceiling auto turrets and has access to about 20 security droids and one LED. The reason given for him taking over the space station, is that it is home to a super computer that he wants to gain access to, for his own research purposes. The group will be given a ship (a safari type-k) in the event the group goes off course, or tries to steal the ship, it self detonates. (edited)
November 24, 2023
