
The group enters into the floral research lab. There they meet Aubrey III and Dr. Kay. They find Dr. Flowers’ body and a note on how to take care of Aubrey in the wake of his death. Alec goes and saves Kay, then Alec and Paige dig a hole to bury Dr. Flowers, as they do this Aubrey says goodbyes to Flowers. Dr. Kay leaves and cusses Flowers’s dead body. She leaves. They move onto pisonics testing and the group tries to find the key to free Dr. Uushtanverg who’s strapped down to a pisonics testing machine. The key is in a subject's chamber, named 16-B. They free her, she introduces herself as Kiama, a strong pisonic Zodani, whose brother was killed and fed to Aubrey. Kiama frees Uushtanverg. But is stopped by Alec. Paige makes a deal with her that she can kill Uushtanverg in exchange for sparing Aubrey. Kaima takes the deal and kills the Dr. Kiama takes an escape pod to the corvette. The group then shuts down the security lockdown. On their way to central computing Baxter shows them that he truly knows what happens next.
The group watches as the corvette explodes. The group then uses the command card they got earlier to access central computing. The card was a trick laid by Baxter that overrode the LED and saw them as enemies. Once the LED was defeated the doors to central computing were unlocked. The group faces Baxter. Alec kills Baxter by punching him, making him swallow his Adam's apple. The group then investigates the room, trying to gain access to the computer, but they are denied. They find out that the computer is jamming their comms. As they keep prying, the power shuts off and the life support has 1 min until failure. The computer comes to life, its icon a single eye staring at them. The computer makes a deal with the group. They can either pull a switch to help it or die from the lack of life support. Paige chooses to flip the switch as the AI leaves the station, the life support is turned back on and the AI leaves saying that it will meet them again. The group explains what happened to the station. He gives them the ship as a reward. The group gets fuel and is met with a choice. Go to coords that Dane gave them of a rivaling corps store house or to go to a distress beacon near the Minerva’s Den.