The group is introduced to Dane who gives them the chance to work with him. The group is tasked with tracking down a harddrive in the possession of an Aslan man named Zonta who works for the Klah family, part of the 5 families. The group gets to his apartment and gets past the door and an auto turret only to be met with Zontas' wife Hawaa. David uses a contact to help disarm the bomb. Once the bomb was disarmed david and alec investigate his office and bedroom. They find that the floor safe has been cleared out and his bedroom ransacked. Alex takes his toaster. When the group is met with more Aslan that are part of the Tokala family. The two groups make a deal that the family will receive 50,000 credits for the alive return of Zonta and 15,000 if he’s dead. The group makes that deal then gets told by Hawaa that he has a safe house near the commercial star ports. The group goes shopping then heads to the safe house whereupon they see it burning down. Alex goes inside to see that a gun fight had taken place between Zonta and Raising Sons. The rest of the group sees a blood trail that leads to a surviving member of the Raising Sons. Saving his life, he reveals that the Raising Sons are after Zonta because they want the harddrive as well. Alec notices that an Aslan staring at them from across the street. Alec chases and tackles him, he and paige interrogate him. He reveals that Zonta had made a deal behind Klah’s back, over the harddrive. The 5 families then want revenge for his betrayal. It is also revealed that He fled off planet to another called Imboni.